Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
When will the DA file?
Press conference
is scheduled for tomorrow morning.
The arrest warrant is already out.
and they're picking up
David Burroughs now.
Will it stick?
It'll stick.
What about the lab?
Handled.
It was expensive.
but the DNA results will confirm
that the body found in the bed
was Matthew Burroughs.
- Well. do you have something for me?
- I do.
- Were you careful?
- Nothing can trace back to you.
I…
I made sure of it.
Good.
After everything I've done to protect you.
you'd better hope so.
Ronald. David. David. Ronald.
What the hell are you guys doing here?
We need your help.
Whatever you want.
you can forget about it.
- Okay. Ron.
- Do you know how much it cost me?
Why in the hell would I ever help you?
Because the person who took my son
works at your hospital.
We're sure you're the only one
who can help us get him back.
Pick up. Come on.
Come on. Pick up. Come on. Pick up.
Come on. come on. Pick up.
Hey. it's me. We gotta leave town.
Tonight. I'm leaving here in an hour.
Be ready.
Here you go. Have a good one.
Theo.
We need to go home.
I thought we were going to the park.
Change of plans.
Come on. let's go.
What does it say?
Just relax.
That bad?
It's a bit high.
Well. if you want it lower.
you can always send me home
so I can get some real food.
How's our patient doing?
I see you're making friends.
She doesn't appreciate my charm.
I know the doctors are concerned
about you eating healthy.
so I made a stop on my way back from home…
Sarah. I love you.
but if you pull a salad out of that bag…
Do you want it?
I could... I could take it back home
and have it myself.
Figured a bullet didn't kill you.
so one cheeseburger won't.
Like I said. I love you.
Yeah.
Sarah. David and Rachel
just broke into Berg Reproductive.
- What?
Okay. thanks.
That was Chopra.
David Burroughs and Rachel Mills
just broke into some place
called Berg Reproductive Partners
less than an hour ago.
The whole city is hunting for these two.
and they make a pit stop
at a fertility clinic?
- How the hell does that add up?
- There's more.
Hayden Payne was with them.
BPD arrested him on suspicion
of aiding and abetting.
Now listen. BPD's not gonna
let you talk to Hayden Payne.
but you need to go over to Berg and see
what the hell they were doing there.
And Sarah. be careful.
If Julie finds out you're still investigating.
she's coming for your badge.
Agent Greer.
Detective Daniel Müller. Swiss police.
I just came from the FBI field office.
- I left you a message.
- Right. of course you did. I'm sorry.
No need to apologize.
I heard about your father. Is he okay?
He's okay. Yeah. he'll be fine.
He's grumpy. but he'll be just fine.
I reviewed your file.
You really think that your missing boy
is connected to the Burroughs case?
I wouldn't have come
halfway around the world
if I didn't think it was a possibility.
Okay.
- Tell me more about it on the way.
- Where are we going?
To solve both of our cases.
Police are investigating
a reported break-in
at Berg Reproductive
involving escaped convict David Burroughs.
He remains at large after a failed attempt
to capture him this morning.
Boston police are urging anyone
with information to come forward.
but again they emphasize that
if you see Burroughs. do not approach.
This man is armed and highly dangerous.
Anyone with any information is asked to…
What is it?
Hayden was arrested
helping David Burroughs
and Rachel Mills
break into Berg Reproductive.
BPD has him on traffic cameras.
Where is he?
I didn't call you.
And yet. here I am. Go figure.
I'm supposed to believe
my mother's worried about my well-being?
I don't care what you believe.
I'm not your therapist. I'm your lawyer.
Where's Rachel?
Rachel Mills and David Burroughs
are still at large.
I'm not signing it.
Whatever it is my mother has cooked up.
They took me hostage. held me at gunpoint.
forced me to help them.
How am I doing so far?
From where I'm sitting. not well.
Let me tell you something.
I get paid no matter
how long you rot in jail.
In fact. my trial fees
are where I really cash in.
So I'm happy to sit beside you
in court for the next six months
before you're sent to prison.
if that's how you wanna play it.
Look. she has gone way too far this time.
Sounds like a conversation
for the two of you to have.
After you sign.
I interviewed Dr. Heller at his psych visit.
and his background check was clean.
I know. Hayden's mother covered it all up.
So where is he now?
He's at the hospital. He's on call.
- So he's probably doing rounds.
- That's where we go then.
Are you crazy?
The hospital's crawling with cops.
They've been watching Cheryl
ever since you came back.
And now the FBI's there
because one of their guys got shot.
If you go there. you will be caught.
No. we won't.
'Cause you can sneak us in.
- Excuse me?
- You're the hospital administrator. right?
You must have a key card that gives you
access to restricted areas. right?
- Yeah. but...
- So you can help us avoid the cops.
Yeah. and what happens
if we get caught?
I'm not risking
getting arrested for you two.
It's not for us.
It's for Cheryl.
She wants her son back.
Matthew's alive.
And you can help bring him home.
The orphanage said that Martin ran away.
but I always suspected that something
more nefarious had happened.
You think he was kidnapped?
Martin vanished three weeks before
Matthew Burroughs was supposedly killed.
Same age. height. hair.
Okay. but how does a missing boy
in Switzerland end up murdered in Boston?
Well. the orphanage was privately funded
by a family out of Boston.
the Payne Foundation.
What?
You know the name?
Hayden Payne was arrested for helping
Rachel Mills and David Burroughs
break into the place
we're going right now.
You're kidding.
That doesn't make any sense.
If the Paynes were somehow involved.
why would he be helping them?
Maybe he doesn't know.
So what happened to the orphanage?
Well. it was closed down
before I could conduct an investigation
into Martin's disappearance.
Okay. even if the body that was found
that night in the bed was Martin.
there is no way to prove it.
Actually. there is.
Martin had a rare genetic disorder.
MLD.
Metachromatic leukodystrophy.
That would show up in a DNA test.
You test the blood from the crime scene
and it comes back positive for MLD.
we have proof that the body
they found that night was Martin.
Which would mean that Matthew Burroughs
could still be alive.
and his father is innocent.
- Hey.
- Hey. Dad.
I need you to call
the Boston Crime Lab and order
a DNA test on the blood found
at Matthew Burroughs's crime scene.
They're not gonna run a DNA test
on a case that closed five years ago.
Please. just do this for me.
Okay. what are you looking for?
I was doing you a solid when I called.
I didn't mean for you to come down here.
Julie finds out. she's gonna be pissed.
- Respectfully. I don't care.
- I mean at me.
Okay? So whatever you're planning
on doing... I'm sorry. who is this?
Detective Inspector Daniel Müller.
Swiss police.
Do we know why Burroughs broke in?
No. Hayden Payne got them inside.
His family owns Berg.
- Are there any witnesses?
- No. the place was closed.
Okay. so Burroughs
was not looking for someone.
but he was definitely looking
for something.
- Like what?
- Like patient information.
All right. most programs have
a backdoor admin or passkey
that businesses don't bother to purge
from the directory subset
once the program's installed.
It's a common mistake
that usually goes unnoticed.
And…
We're in.
Okay. let's see
what you were looking for. Burroughs.
Patient records. recent history…
What?
That's… weird.
He was looking up his ex-wife. Cheryl.
There are no search results. though.
She's not a patient here.
You know. I really could've used you
when I was working financial crimes.
You wouldn't believe how many
firewalls I had to hack through
when I was chasing
those offshore accounts.
Have you ever hacked
any accounts in the Caymans?
More than one. Why?
There was a prison guard at Briggs
named Ted Wesson.
He was paid to keep tabs on Burroughs.
and the money came
from an account in the Caymans.
I could have a look.
What was the name on the account?
- REH Holdings.
- Okay.
Will you take Detective Müller
back to use your computer?
Where are you going?
Back to the hospital.
I need to talk to Cheryl Dreason.
You two wait here.
I'm gonna check the freight elevator.
Once it's clear. I'll bring you up.
You okay?
You know. when I called you on the plane
and told you that Matthew may not be mine.
for a second. I…
Questioned everything.
And I thought about when he was born.
When I first held him.
and his... His hand
could barely fit around my pinkie.
He had this perfect little smile.
And…
I used to have to drive him around
at night to get him to sleep.
I thought about the first time that he…
That he walked.
First time that... That he called me Dad.
And no matter what. he's my son.
He's my son.
- We need to go over a few things.
- Get the fuck away from me.
Your call has been forwarded
to an automatic voice message system.
Hey. it's me.
I had to cut a deal to get out.
I am so sorry. I…
I wish this could've gone a different way.
Look. I'm gonna go to my mother's estate.
and then I'm gonna take off
for a little while.
I-I need to clear my head.
But there's something I need you to know.
I love you. Rachel.
Forever. It's…
All I ever wanted was to be with you.
I love you. Always will.
I reserved an operating room
in pediatrics.
No one will be able
to access it without my key card.
so you guys will be safe to wait there.
Assuming we make it there.
Hey. you got this. all right?
No one's expecting us to be here.
And once I find Heller
and bring him to you?
What then?
Ronald.
I. saw that you booked an OR.
but I didn't see
a surgery scheduled on the board.
That's because there isn't one.
I'm showing the reps
from Haspen Imaging our facilities.
I've been wanting to upgrade all of our
rooms with their advanced IA technology.
The board just approved my budget.
so I'm just getting a jump on things.
Sounds good. Let me know how it goes.
Will do.
Now you two stay here.
I'm gonna go find Dr. Heller.
Nice job.
Thank you.
Hayden left a voicemail.
Hey. it's me.
Hey. Müller. You got something?
Yes and no.
Gertrude Payne isn't a signatory
for REH holdings.
And she doesn't appear
in any of their corporate filings.
I'm not sure you understand
how yes and no works.
But here's where it gets interesting.
That account was zeroed out
and closed two days ago.
Any idea where the money went?
I'm still working on it. but the wire
request came from a bank here in Boston.
Okay. send me everything.
I'm gonna run it through the FBI.
Look. offshore banking.
it lives in a gray area.
Okay? And how I got this information.
lives in an even grayer one.
It won't hold up in American court.
If we can't tie anything to Gertrude.
then what good does it do us?
She doesn't know we can't tie her to it.
You wanna rattle her cage.
See if she slips.
Exactly.
All right. I'm at the hospital.
Call me after you talk to Gertrude.
Okay.
Kim.
Hey. Mr. Dreason.
I didn't think you were in today.
Well. no rest for the wicked.
I'm looking for Dr. Heller.
Is he on rounds or with a patient?
- Actually. I think he left.
- I'm sorry?
He was paged earlier.
and he never responded.
Okay. would...
Would you mind trying to page him again
and also to. alert security?
Thank you.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah. Everything's fine.
I just need to speak with him
before he goes today.
Paging Dr. Heller.
Dr. Heller.
please report to administration.
Dr. Heller?
Dr. Heller!
- Ronald.
- Hey.
Going somewhere?
Heading home. actually. Family emergency.
Well. we need to talk.
Sorry. whatever it is
will have to wait until tomorrow.
No. it can't wait.
It's gonna have to.
I know what happened at Berg.
I've alerted security.
So you need to come with me now.
And if I don't?
It's either me.
or them.
Ronald.
What's going on?
We have learned that one of the men
traveling with David. Kyle Bergin.
a known associate of the Irish mob.
was shot and killed by police fire…
I'm touched. No flowers?
Are you going soft on me. Max?
Hey. what can I say? I came through
the other side a changed man.
Is that why you're helping her?
I don't know what you're referring to.
I'm referring to the DNA test
that you ordered without checking with me.
Sorry. I think I'm still just
a little groggy from the anesthesia.
Is this really how you want
your career to end?
I've canceled the DNA test.
You see your daughter. you tell her
to stand down and come in.
Otherwise. I will have both your badges.
Tell you what.
You can have mine right now.
Excuse me?
You still think this is a jailbreak?
Well. it's not. It's something more.
And Sarah saw it from the jump!
I'm asking you to trust her!
Hell. you ought to trust her.
She's the best damn agent you got.
She was. Max.
Past tense.
I'm pulling her from the field
and bringing her in.
She's suspended until further notice.
Enjoy retirement.
I'm so sorry.
You got nothing to be sorry about.
What are you doing here?
Ronald told me
why you're looking for Dr. Heller.
It's not him. David.
It can't be.
Because you didn't go through with it?
No.
No. I did. but Heller
wasn't my doctor at Berg.
I was treated by a woman.
She was the one that did the insemination.
So whoever has Matthew.
it's not him.
But David. the day after I went to Berg.
I woke up sick.
So I took an early pregnancy test.
and it was positive.
which means I would've been pregnant
before I even went to Berg.
That's why I didn't tell you.
Because I knew Matthew was your son.
He's yours. David.
Hi. I am Special Agent Sarah Greer. FBI.
I'm looking for Dr. Cheryl Dreason.
Dr. Dreason is in surgery.
Is there something
that I can help you with?
And you are?
I'm sorry. I'm Ronald Dreason.
I'm the hospital administrator.
Mr. Dreason. You left off your better title.
Husband.
So. what's this about?
Has Cheryl been contacted
by her sister or ex-husband?
No. no. no. no. no.
You know. I-I-I'm pretty sure that we...
We went over all this with the FBI.
Yeah. I-I know. I read the report.
Can you tell me
when she'll be out of surgery?
A few hours.
Just like that? You don't need to check?
No. No. no. no.
Mr. Dreason…
Why are you lying to me?
I'm not lying.
You need to tell me
where Cheryl is right now.
or I will place you under arrest
for obstruction.
I can't do that.
Officer.
Arrest Mr. Dreason.
Mother?
Hayden?
What a surprise.
This is Detective Daniel Müller
from the Swiss police.
Wow. that's a long ways away.
- Pleasure.
- Likewise.
What brings you all the way out here?
Well. Detective Müller was just
informing me about a missing child
from one of our
helping hands orphanages in Geneva.
His name was Martin.
He... He disappeared five years ago.
I-I didn't hear about this.
It was tragic.
But the detective believes
that he has a break in the case.
I was in the US on business. thought your
mother would like to hear this in person.
And I so appreciate that.
New evidence has surfaced in the case.
connecting it to a murder
right here in Boston.
A little boy named Matthew Burroughs.
- Hey.
- Where are you?
I'm at the hospital.
Look. I know this sounds crazy.
but I think David Burroughs is here.
Yeah. it does. But keep talking.
Okay. I came back
to talk to Cheryl. his ex-wife.
I ran into her husband.
who happens to be
the hospital administrator.
He would not tell me where she is.
so I arrested him.
Wait. whoa. whoa. whoa.
You arrested the hospital administrator?
How did you...? You're on leave!
Relax. okay? Your blood pressure.
I had a BPD officer do it.
You need to listen to me. okay?
Julie is having you pulled from the field.
This is serious. Sarah.
Okay? She knows about the DNA test.
and she knows
you're still working the case.
You can't be running around
flashing your badge everywhere
and arresting hospital administrators.
FBI. Agent Sarah Greer.
I need to see all of the security footage
on this floor for the last hour.
I'll call you back.
What... Don't you call...
Matthew Burroughs
was killed by his father.
who recently escaped from prison.
It's been all over the news.
Yes.
But. I believe
that the body that they found
in Matthew Burroughs's room that night
was actually Martin.
And you have proof of this?
Not yet.
But I will.
You see. Martin had
a rare genetic disorder.
The FBI is running a DNA test
on the blood collected
from the crime scene that night.
And when the results come back.
I believe they will prove
that it was actually Martin
who they found in the house that night.
not Matthew Burroughs.
I-I'm sorry. I…
I don't understand
what this has to do with me.
A missing boy from your orphanage
shows up dead in your hometown.
You don't think that's suspicious?
How dare you?
How dare you suggest
that I had anything
to do with a child's death?
You can leave.
Thank you for your time.
Robert Edward Harold Payne.
Yes. my late father.
R-E-H.
It's funny.
I just came across
a holding company in the Caymans
with exactly the same initials.
Must be a coincidence.
It must be.
Just because we were wrong about Heller
doesn't mean we were wrong
about what happened. right?
We just have to figure out
who your donor was.
Yeah. how? Whoever it was erased the file
and is covering their tracks.
- What are you talking about?
- We went to Berg to pull your file.
It was missing.
It's not missing.
It's just not under my name.
It's under yours.
Mine?
I'm sorry. okay? I used your name.
I-I should have told you.
I-I should have told both of you.
but I-I didn't want you to find out.
Wait. how would the donor know
you used my name?
It still has to be someone at Berg.
Someone who knows us both
well enough to put it all together.
I don't know anyone there.
I mean. other than my doctor.
Yes. you do.
You both do.
I got it all wrong.
You weren't the target.
Rachel was.
Right.
I'm starting to become…
That's because he wanted me
to get pregnant. not you.
Wait. wait. wait.
What is it?
The missing photos from Six Flags.
Is this Davidson Photography?
I was sent all your photos.
but I'm missing three.
And I'm wondering
if you can email them to me.
I'm starting to become…
Payne Industries?
They rented out the whole park that day.
We didn't break up. You broke up with me.
Biggest mistake of my life.
Will you give me another shot?
Rachel. there's something
I need you to know.
I love you. I always will.
Go.
Just a matter of time…
Fuck.
Excuse me. Detective.
Just a matter of time.
Before you.
Go.
It's Hayden.
And I'm sorry for the lies.
I told you…
He's had Matthew this whole time.
FBI! David Burroughs. you're under arrest!
Hands up! On your head now!
All of you. where I can see them!
No
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm